infra/README.md, before:

# Index of Templates

Below is a list of available templates along with links to their individual README pages for detailed documentation.

## Templates Overview

| Template Name                                | Description                                                                               | Link                                     |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| **EC2 ASG with NLBs**                       | Provision EC2 instances in Auto Scaling Groups with optional internal Network Load Balancers. | [View README](./web_app_nlb.cloudformation.README.md) |
| **2 Web, 3 App and 1 NLB, all static**                       | Provision EC2 instances statically with  internal Network Load Balancer. | [View README](./2web_3app_1nlb_static.cloudformation.yaml) |

## How to Use

To utilize any of the templates:

1. Click on the **View README** link for the desired template.
2. Follow the instructions in the respective README file for detailed guidance on usage, parameters, and resource provisioning.

Commit message:

Update README doc for CloudFormation templates in infra folder
Update `infra/README.md` to include a link to the new CloudFormation template README and add the new README file for the VPC with 8 subnets in 2 AZs.

* **infra/README.md**
  - Add a new entry to the table for the `infra/1vpc_8subnets_2az.static.cloudformation` template.
  - Add a link to the new README file for the `infra/1vpc_8subnets_2az.static.cloudformation` template.

* **infra/1vpc_8subnets_2az.static.cloudformation.README.md**
  - Create a new README file for the `infra/1vpc_8subnets_2az.static.cloudformation` template.
  - Include sections for Overview, Prerequisites, Usage, Parameters, Resources, and Outputs.

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/davidecelano/aws-resources?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

infra/README.md, after:

# Index of Templates

Below is a list of available templates along with links to their individual README pages for detailed documentation.

## Templates Overview

| Template Name                                | Description                                                                               | Link                                     |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| **EC2 ASG with NLBs**                       | Provision EC2 instances in Auto Scaling Groups with optional internal Network Load Balancers. | [View README](./web_app_nlb.cloudformation.README.md) |
| **2 Web, 3 App and 1 NLB, all static**                       | Provision EC2 instances statically with  internal Network Load Balancer. | [View README](./2web_3app_1nlb_static.cloudformation.yaml) |
| **1 VPC, 8 Subnets, 2 AZs**                       | Provision a VPC with 2 public subnets and 6 private subnets. | [View README](./1vpc_8subnets_2az.static.cloudformation.README.md) |

## How to Use

To utilize any of the templates:

1. Click on the **View README** link for the desired template.
2. Follow the instructions in the respective README file for detailed guidance on usage, parameters, and resource provisioning.
